

    Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
    I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
    I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
    I am never at home on Sundays.
    Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
    Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
    If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
    The lake is a long way from here.
    They got there early, and they got really good seats.
    He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
    This is a Japanese doll.
    Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
    She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
    A glittering gem is not enough.
    The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
    If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
    I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
    The shooter says goodbye to his love.
    I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
    She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
    Is it free?
    We have a lot of rain in June.
    Christmas is coming.
    A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
    Two seats were vacant.
    She was too short to see over the fence.
    The stranger officiates the meal.
    Let me help you with your baggage.
    Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
    We need to rent a room for our party.
    He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
    He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
    Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
    There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
    I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
    I want more detailed information.
    The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
    Mary plays the piano.
    She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
    The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
    Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
    The old apple revels in its authority.
    I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
    The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
    What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
    Where do random thoughts come from?
    The river stole the gods.
    Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
    Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
    Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
    The mysterious diary records the voice.
    I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
    Wow, does that work?
    She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
    Please wait outside of the house.
    He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
    I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
    The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
    If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
    Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
    She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
    I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
    Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
    She folded her handkerchief neatly.
    Tom got a small piece of pie.
    We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
    Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
    If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
    Abstraction is often one floor above you.
    Hurry!
    I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
    The book is in front of the table.
    Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
    It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
    The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
    I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
    How was the math test?
    Rock music approaches at high velocity.
    This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
    He told us a very exciting adventure story.
    She advised him to come back at once.
    I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
    My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
    I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
    I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
    She did her best to help him.
    Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
    A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
    She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
    When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
    Don't step on the broken glass.
    There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
    Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.

